Privacy Mode / Hide sensitive information (#19)
peakshift/bitcoin-ux: payments/hide-sensitive-info.md

# Hiding sensitive information in bitcoin wallets

## Abstract

Imagine this scenario. A user is in a public place, they need to open up their bitcoin wallet to maybe make a payment but they don't feel comfortable enough to have their balances displayed in bold on their phone screens once the wallet is opened. This here a problem because users want to feel safe whenever they use their wallets.

> This is where the ***hide balance*** feature comes in handy. With this feature, users have the ability to conceal their wallet balance and possibly transactions made, when they feel the need to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is where the ***hide balance*** feature comes in handy. With this feature, users have the ability to conceal their wallet balance and other sensitive information relating to the transaction, when they feel the need to.
```

## Methods

The hide balance feature can be achieved in the following ways

### Hide and reveal balance with the eye icon on screen

On the home screen, next to the balance, there could be an eye icon which when tapped, would hide the balance and when tapped again, would reveal it

#### What could go wrong

Here it is clearly visible and obvious that there are hidden items on the screen, this would only make prying eyes more curious.

<img src="assets/img/Desktop - 1.png" alt="Desktop - 1" style="zoom:67%;" />

### Hide balance by default on wallet launch

Here, the wallet balance is hidden by default. Also there is no indicator that the balance is actually hidden, the user can then reveal it if they choose to by tapping on the logo. 

#### What could go wrong

> It's possible that a new user would not know that the balance is hidden and can be easily revealed by tapping on the logo. They may end up searching all over for the balance and eventually give up

Reviewer: Not all applications have the logo, so probably best to be a bit more general.
